I guess I thought that
I am a lot stronger than I believed.
There are times when I feel hurt
or when I go through hardships,
but my way of overcoming those times is
preparing more for what's to come
or focusing on thinking about
how I can better move forward.
A JISOO FILM
Attitude towards life?
That’s a hard one.
Well…
I think I just live my life
enjoying every moment.
What I felt throughout the process is
that if I think too far ahead
about the things that hasn't happened yet.
I could also get anxious
and worry about it,
then end up missing many things.
So I try to live in the moment
and try to have fun, I think.
2019 WORLD TOUR: BLACKPINK IN YOUR AREA
Oh yes!
It's almost time to meet all the BLINKs
from all over the world
who have waited so long.
I am very nervous,
and since you’ve waited so much,
I am going to show you the best.
Show us a lot of support and enjoy it.
SEOUL
BANGKOK
Thailand is also Lisa's hometown,
so I think it's more meaningful to start
our world tour in Lisa's hometown.
Starting from Thailand,
we're going to North America
and Europe
to meet BLINKs around the world.
I'm so honored and looking forward to it.
The phrase "BLACKPINK's world tour"
still feels very foreign to me.
I still can't believe it.
I prepared lots of fun stuff
for our concert
and want to do more exciting things
in different countries.
That's how I feel.
I hope many BLINKs around the world come.
It's gonna be fun.
What’s up, Bangkok!
It was very touching.
I think I'm very lucky to see them,
I could really tell how hard they tried,
from the beginning to the end.
I hope they take care of themselves.
I hope everyone stays healthy
because they have to go perform
all around the world.